Add hydrogen orbitals example (#3825)
pyvista/pyvista: doc/index.rst

    boolean.plot(color='darkgrey', smooth_shading=True, split_sharp_edges=True)

Plot Volumetric Data
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Plot the 3dxy orbital of a hydrogen atom.

Author: ```suggestion
Plot the 3dxy orbital of a hydrogen atom.

.. note::
   This example requires `sympy <https://www.sympy.org/>`_.
```

.. jupyter-execute::

>     from pyvista import examples

Reviewer: Since this is the front page, should we also note here that this needs `sympy`?

    boolean.plot(color='darkgrey', smooth_shading=True, split_sharp_edges=True)

Plot Volumetric Data
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Plot the 3dxy orbital of a hydrogen atom.

Reviewer: Would this also work in an .rst file?
```suggestion
Plot the :math:`3d_{xy}` orbital of a hydrogen atom.
```
